Clarify and reference spinbit optional/version (#221)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

> The spin bit provides an additional method to measure per-flow RTT from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The spin bit provides an additional version-specific method (see section 17.4 of {{?QUIC-TRANSPORT}}) to measure per-flow RTT from
```

observation points on the network path throughout the duration of a connection.

> Endpoint participation in spin bit signaling is optional and version-specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Endpoint participation in spin bit signaling is optional. That is, while
```

> (see section 17.4 of {{?QUIC-TRANSPORT}}). That is, while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
